Now, that we've seen and learned a little bit about the Consumer API for REST Proxy,
let's actually take a look at how to use it.
So returning to the Workspace once again,
we're going to take a look at the code before we start filling anything in.
As I mentioned there's a lot more to the Consumer API than there is to the Producer API.
We have to make at least three calls to successfully consume.
So we have this async def
consume function,and you can
see here that we're going to be making a series of post requests.
So the first request is simply going to be to
create a consumer group, if that's successful,
we're going to make another post to subscribe,
and then finally we end this while loop,
we're going to make a get request on the records and point.
Now, that we've seen the general overview,
let's actually start filling this out.
So the first thing we're going to need to do is actually create our consumer group.
So the headers we're going to use
our Content-Type and here we're going to use the JSON embedded format,
and then we're going to define
the consumer group creation payload using the Avro format which we've done here.
So you can see we have the name set to
the consumer name which I've defined up here as solution7-consumer.
The format is Avro,
so when we actually consume we'd like to consume Avro data,
and then we're going to post this configuration to the appropriate consumers endpoint.
So again REST PROXY URL/ consumers will actually create a consumer group.
Let's check the docs to see what that looks like.
Jump through here. So you have POST consumers name of the group.
So we actually already know what that group name should
be or we're going to call it consumer name-group.
Once we've done this,
this will actually create a consumer group for us.
So we'll have solution7-consumer-group.
If that's successful, we'll move
down to create our data that we'll actually use to subscribe.
So what does a subscribe endpoint actually accept?
Well, let's take a look at the documentation again.
So we'll scroll down and look for subscriptions. Okay, here we are.
Post consumers, group name, instances, and subscription.
What payload does it take?
Well, as I mentioned in the slides,
it just takes a simple list of topics.
So let's take a look at what we call the topic in our producer.
We have an abbreviation topic name.
So let's enforce solution7,
excuse me this should really should be sample7.
Purchases and we're going go to our post and say topics.
This is going to be a list of the topics we want to subscribe to it,
which in this case it's just topic name we are going to JSON dumps that data,
passing the headers and now that we have this base URI from our previous response,
we're accessing the key from that response.
So if we go back to the consumer group creation
and we posted the consumer group to create it,
the return object included the instance ID and the base URI in this particular case,
you can see that this gives us all the information that we need
to complete our URL sands subscriptions.
So again, we're just need to post this data to subscription.
Now, that we've subscribed to the topic,
we actually want to go ahead and start consuming records.
So this is a get request and we want to make sure to
specify an Accept header not a Content-Type header.
So we're going to accept, application, vendor,
Kafka Avro, v2, JSON.
We're also going to make sure that we're getting from our base URI/ records,
and because it can sometimes take a little while to actually fetch the records,
were going to put a timeout on this.
So I'm going to specify a timeout of say 10 seconds.
This is measured in milliseconds.
Now, let's take a look at how I knew this was something we could do.
In the documentation for
our get consumers records where we actually flush the records as a query parameter,
we can specify a timeout in milliseconds or a maximum number of bytes,
so I'm going to go ahead and use a timeout.
Now, let's go ahead and start running this.
I also just want to mention that it can take a little while for this to start working,
so be patient while it goes ahead and gets setup.
All right, and you can see we're starting to get records through
our consumer group and that's really all there is to it.
It is a little bit of work to get it set up,
but once you've configured it,
it's fairly straightforward to go ahead and use the REST Proxy Consumer API.
Now, that we're consuming data,
this will just simply run until we decide to
exit the program or until we've received enough records that we don't need anymore.
One thing I'll mentioned is that you want to make sure to delete
your subscription if you're no longer interested in having
a consumer group running on
the REST Proxy server otherwise
just let the program run and it will continue to consume data indefinitely.